Team/Milestone Two/Project_Inception.md, before:

Project Inception
=====================================
## Vision Statement
    [Vision Statement](VisionStatement.md)

## Summary of Our Approach to Software Development
    What processes are we following?  How will we run this project? ==> Agile, Scrum, ...  
    What are we choosing to do, how will we do it and at what level of detail or extent?

## Initial Vision Discussion with Stakeholders
    Summarize what was discussed.  What do they want? Include:

### Description of Clients/Users

### List of Stakeholders and their Positions (if applicable)
    Who are they? Why are they a stakeholder?

## Initial Requirements Elaboration and Elicitation
    [Initial Requirements Elaboration and Elicitation](Initial Requirements Elaboration and Elicitation.md)

### Elicitation Questions
    [Elicitation Questions](Elicitation Questions.md)

### Elicitation Interviews
    Transcript or summary of what was learned

### Other Elicitation Activities?
    As needed

## List of Needs and Features
    [List of features](ListOfFeatures.md)

## Initial Modeling
    [Mind Map](Team/Milestone Two/Mind Map/RecipeApp - Mind Map v2.jpg)

### Use Case Diagrams
    Diagrams

### Sequence Diagrams

### Other Modeling
    Diagrams, UI wireframes, page flows, ...

## Identify Non-Functional Requirements
    See Initial Requirements Elaboration and Elicitation [Initial Requirements Elaboration and Elicitation](Initial Requirements Elaboration and Elicitation.md)

## Identify Functional Requirements (In User Story Format)

E: Epic  
U: User Story  
T: Task  

7. [E] 
    1. [U]
        a. [T]
        b. [T]
    2. [U]
        a. [T]

## Initial Architecture Envisioning
    Diagrams and drawings, lists of components

## Agile Data Modeling
    Diagrams, SQL modeling (dbdiagram.io), UML diagrams

## Timeline and Release Plan
    Schedule: meaningful dates, milestones, sprint cadence, how releases are made (CI/CD, or fixed releases, or ?)

Commit message:

Fixed the links, made the document look better, added the diagram into the md file

Team/Milestone Two/Project_Inception.md, after:

Project Inception
=====================================
## Vision Statement
This is our [Vision Statement](VisionStatement.md)

## Summary of Our Approach to Software Development
What processes are we following?  How will we run this project? ==> Agile, Scrum, ...  
    What are we choosing to do, how will we do it and at what level of detail or extent?

## Initial Vision Discussion with Stakeholders
    Summarize what was discussed.  What do they want? Include:

### Description of Clients/Users

### List of Stakeholders and their Positions (if applicable)
    Who are they? Why are they a stakeholder?

## Initial Requirements Elaboration and Elicitation
See the
[Initial Requirements Elaboration and Elicitation](Initial%20Requirements%20Elaboration%20and%20Elicitation.md)

### Elicitation Questions
See the
[Elicitation Questions](Initial%20Requirements%20Elaboration%20and%20Elicitation.md)

### Elicitation Interviews
    Transcript or summary of what was learned

### Other Elicitation Activities?
    As needed

## List of Needs and Features
Collection of 
[Needs and Features](ListOfFeatures.md)

## Initial Modeling
See the
[Mind Map](Mind%20Map/RecipeApp%20-%20Mind%20Map%20v2.jpg)

### Use Case Diagrams
    Diagrams

### Sequence Diagrams

### Other Modeling
    Diagrams, UI wireframes, page flows, ...

## Identify Non-Functional Requirements
See the
[Initial Requirements Elaboration and Elicitation](Initial%20Requirements%20Elaboration%20and%20Elicitation.md)

## Identify Functional Requirements (In User Story Format)

E: Epic  
U: User Story  
T: Task  

7. [E] 
    1. [U]
        a. [T]
        b. [T]
    2. [U]
        a. [T]

## Initial Architecture Envisioning
![Initial Architecture Diagram](BougIncInitialArchEnvisioning.svg)

## Agile Data Modeling
    Diagrams, SQL modeling (dbdiagram.io), UML diagrams

## Timeline and Release Plan
    Schedule: meaningful dates, milestones, sprint cadence, how releases are made (CI/CD, or fixed releases, or ?)
